Book a Consultation | Velox Immigration
Home
About
Services
Study in Canada
Work in Canada
Open Work Permit
LMIA-Based Work Permit
Work Permit Extension
Visitor Visa
Immigrate
Express Entry Programs
Provincial Nominee Program
Atlantic Immigration
Family Sponsorship
Business Immigration
Other Services
Permanent Residence & Citizenship
Refugee Claims & Appeals
Application & Document Reviews
Advisory Services
Contact
Book Consultation
Book Your Consultation
Take the first step towards your Canadian journey
Important Disclaimer
This Initial Consultation Agreement is made between the Regulated Canadian Immigration Consultant – Anitha Gabriel (RCIC #R1034239) and the client. The client agrees to pay the fees indicated in the booking tool below for the selected online consultation services.
The purpose of the consultation is to provide the consultant with sufficient information to allow for a full analysis and comprehensive advice on immigration options, including estimated time frames, consultation fees and costs.
Client responsibility:
Client must provide the RCIC with such factual information and documentation as are required to perform the consultation. Client must be accurate and honest and must inform RCIC of all information, even if negative or adverse, which might be relevant to the advice provided by RCIC in this matter. Failure to fully disclose all relevant information to RCIC will impact the advice given by RCIC and may void this Agreement, or seriously affect the outcome of the application of Client or the retention of any status that Client may obtain.
Advice current on date of consultation:
The advice provided by the RCIC to Client is based on the Canadian immigration law and policy current on the date of the consultation where relevant. The RCIC is not responsible or accountable for any change in government legislation or policy that may impact the processing of any subsequent application by Client.
No guarantee on outcome:
RCIC shall provide consulting services to Client to the standard of a competent CICC member. RCIC does not guarantee that she will be able to assist Client in meeting his or her business, education, employment or immigration goals.
Confidentiality:
RCIC is required to preserve the confidences and secrets of Client. This professional obligation exists to encourage candid and complete communications between Client and the RCIC. All information and documentation provided by Client and reviewed by the RCIC will not be divulged to any third party, other than RCIC's agents and employees, without prior consent, except as demanded by law.
This agreement shall be governed by the laws in effect in the Province of Ontario and the Federal Laws of Canada applicable therein.
Please be advised that Anitha Gabriel, RCIC #R1034239 is a member in good standing of the Immigration Consultants of Canada Regulatory Council (ICCRC) and as such is bound by its By-Law, Code of Professional Ethics, and Regulations.
By paying the fee in the booking tool above the client agrees that he/she has read this initial consultation agreement and its clause and agreed to the terms and conditions outlined in it.
I Accept
To book an appointment with Anitha Gabriel – Please use the below links
Anitha Gabriel - CICC Licensed Consultant
Please choose from the options below to book your consultation.
30 minute - Virtual Consultation with Anitha
Anitha Gabriel is a Regulated Canadian Immigration Consultant. Her license number is R1034239. Her areas of expertise include Express Entry, Economic a...
30 min
Regulated Canadian Immigration Consulting Firm - Serving Clients Globally.
Licensed RCIC: Anitha Gabriel | Membership ID: R1034239
Authorized by the College of Immigration and Citizenship Consultants (CICC)
Toronto, Canada
🇨🇦
+1 416-662-0652
Chennai, India
🇮🇳
+91 77088 53882
Copyright 2025. All rights reserved.
|
Privacy Policy